Welcome to the world of Web development.
Are you ready to build a cutting edge movie database website that combines the power of next JS and
tailwind?
CSS Introducing IMDB Clone, a project that will take you on a journey through the latest technologies
in web development with version 13 of next js and version three of Tailwind CSS.
You'll be learning the most up to date and industry leading frameworks in web development.
The first thing you'll notice about the IMDB clone is its sleek and intuitive design with a powerful
search bar.
Finding your favorite movies has never been easier.
Simply type in the title of the movie you're looking for and IMDB clone will do the rest.
But what if you're looking for inspiration?
Not a problem.
Our trending and top rated sections provide you with daily updates on the latest releases so you'll
never run out of new movies to watch.
This project is not just about building a movie database website.
It's about learning the core concepts of web development.
You'll learn about server side and client side components and how to seamlessly integrate them to create
a seamless user experience and with a deep dive into different fetching techniques.
You'll come out of this project a pro in next js and Tailwind CSS.
This project teaches you not only about server side and client side components, but also about how
to add loading effects and handle errors in Next js.
And the best part, you only need a basic understanding of React JS and JavaScript to get started.
IMDB clone provides you with step by step instructions and guidance.
So even if you're new to web development, you'll be able to build a fully functional movie database
website in no time.